Google Ads - Get More Customers With Easy Online Advertising
    Ads Jump to Content Overview How it works Cost FAQ Advanced campaigns Contact 1-844-201-2399* Call for sign-up help Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Contact Us Chat Sign in Start now Start now Ads Jump to Content Grow your business with Google Ads Get in front of customers when they’re searching for businesses like yours on Google Search and Maps. Only pay for results, like clicks to your website or calls to your business. Start now Call or chat to get set up by a Google Ads specialist. 1-844-201-2399* Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Chat custom modern furniture Ad EQ3.com EQ3 - Timeless, modern furniture A modern Canadian approach to furniture and home. Show up when people search for what you offer Google is where people search for what to do, where to go and what to buy. Your ad can appear on Google at the very moment someone is looking for products or services like yours. Whether they’re on desktop or mobile, a well-timed ad can turn people into valuable customers. Start now Start now Get the results that matter to you Drive website visits Grow online sales, bookings or mailing list signups with online ads that direct people to your website. Get more phone calls Increase customer calls with ads that feature your phone number and a click-to-call button. Increase shop visits Get more customers in the door with business ads that help people find your company on the map. Set a budget that works for your business Google ads give you control over your advertising budget. Set a monthly budget cap, and never go over it. Plus, you can pause or adjust your spend anytime. Learn more about setting a budget Monthly budget cap Adjust anytime $ $$$ Partner with Google to find the right customers With our smart, easy ads, you can reach more relevant customers within your budget. Plus, we’ll help you improve your ads over time to get more of the results that matter to your business. Learn how Google Ads works See real results “Awareness was a key strategic area for growth. Utilizing a diverse marketing approach and experiments, the results were staggering, showcasing a 304% increase in transactions & an 86% ROAS increase.” Get more customers with Google Ads Start now Call or chat for help setting up your account. 1-844-201-2399* Chat Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Request a follow up If you need support for your Google Ads account, please fill in this form and we will do our best to get back to you within 2 working days. First name Please fill in the required fields Last name Please fill in the required fields Phone number Please fill in the required fields Email address Please fill in the required fields Your URL Please fill in the required fields What is your question regarding? To sign up to Google Ads To find out more about Google Ads To enquire about other Google products (GPay, Gmail, Google Workspace etc) To get help with my existing account Please fill in the required fields When is the best time to call you? Morning Afternoon Evening Please fill in the required fields Are you already using Google Ads? Yes No Please fill in the required fields I accept Google's Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that my information will be used in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.* I agree to be contacted and to receive information about Google Ads by email or phone from Google.* Submit *are required fields Thank you. Your information has been submitted. A Google Ads specialist will be in touch soon. Follow us About Google Ads Overview How it works Cost Learning & support Your Guide to Google Ads Google Ads Help Centre Primer Skillshop Developers & partners Google Developers Site Google Ads API Google Ads Scripts Google Ads Remarketing Tags Related products Google Analytics Shopping campaigns Local Services Google Business Profile Chrome Waze Local ads More solutions Business Solutions Google Workspace Think with Google AdSense AdMob Terms and conditions for this offer:** 1. Offer available while supplies last. 2. Offer available to New Google Ads customers with a billing address in Canada only. One promotional code per advertiser. 3. To activate this offer: Click on the button or link associated with this offer for the promotional code to be automatically applied to your account. In order to participate in this offer, the promotional code must be applied to your first Google Ads account within 14 days of your first ad impression being served from such account. 4. To earn the credit: After the code is applied to your account, your advertising campaigns must accrue advertising costs of at least $500, excluding any taxes or other fees, within 60 days. Making a payment of $500 is not sufficient. The tracking of advertising costs towards $500 begins after you've entered the code. 5. Once 3 and 4 are completed, the credit will typically be applied within 5 days to the Billing Summary of your account. 6. Credits apply to future advertising costs only. Credits cannot be applied to costs accrued before the code was entered. 7. Any unused promotional credit from this offer will expire on April 30th, 2022. You can check your promotional credit balance and any applicable expiration dates by reviewing the Promotions tab under the Billing page of your Google Ads account at any time. 8. You won’t receive a notification once your credit is used up and any additional advertising costs will be charged to your form of payment. If you don’t want to continue advertising, you can pause or delete your campaigns at any time. 9. Your account must be successfully billed by Google Ads and remain in good standing in order to qualify for the promotional credit. 10. Full terms and conditions can be found here: https://www.google.ca/intl/en/ads/coupons/terms.html * Phone support operating hours are Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Privacy Terms About Google Google products Help Algérie – Français Argentina – Español (Latinoamérica) Australia – English Azərbaycan – Azərbaycanca Bangladesh – English Belgique – Français België – Nederlands Bolivia – Español (Latinoamérica) Brasil – Português (Brasil) Canada – English Canada – Français Chile – Español (Latinoamérica) Colombia – Español (Latinoamérica) Costa Rica – Español (Latinoamérica) Cyprus – English Danmark – Dansk Deutschland – Deutsch Ecuador – Español (Latinoamérica) Eesti – Eesti Egypt – English El Salvador – Español (Latinoamérica) English Espanya – Català España – Español Estados Unidos – Español (Latinoamérica) France – Français Guatemala – Español (Latinoamérica) Honduras – Español (Latinoamérica) Hong Kong – English Hrvatska – Hrvatski India – English Indonesia – Bahasa Indonesia Indonesia – English Ireland – English Italia – Italiano Kyrgyzstan – Ky Latvija – Latviešu Lietuva – Lietuvių Magyarország – Magyar Malaysia – Bahasa Melayu Malaysia – English Maroc – Français México – Español (Latinoamérica) Nederland – Nederlands Nepal – English New Zealand – English Nicaragua – Español (Latinoamérica) Nigeria – English Norge – Norsk Pakistan – English Panamá – Español (Latinoamérica) Paraguay – Español (Latinoamérica) Perú – Español (Latinoamérica) Philippines – English Pilipinas – Filipino Polska – Polski Portugal – Português (Portugal) Puerto Rico – Español (Latinoamérica) Republica Moldova – Română República Dominicana – Español (Latinoamérica) România – Română Saudi Arabia – English Schweiz – Deutsch Singapore – English Slovenija – Slovenščina Slovensko – Slovenčina South Africa – English Sri Lanka – English Suisse – Français Suomi – Suomi Sverige – Svenska Tunisie – Français Türkiye – Türkçe United Arab Emirates – English United Kingdom – English United States – English Uruguay – Español (Latinoamérica) Venezuela – Español (Latinoamérica) Việt Nam – Tiếng Việt Österreich – Deutsch Česká Republika – Čeština Ελλάδα – Ελληνικά Беларусь – Русский България – Български Казахстан – Русский Монгол – Монгол Россия – Русский Србија – Српски Таджикистан – Русский Туркменистан – Русский Україна – Українська Ўзбекистон – Ўзбек Հայաստան – Հայերեն भारत – हिन्दी ไทย – ไทย საქართველო – ქართული ‫ישראל – עברית‬ ‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة – العربية‬ ‫الجزائر – العربية‬ ‫العربية‬ ‫الكويت – العربية‬ ‫المغرب – العربية‬ ‫المملكة العربية السعودية – العربية‬ ‫تونس – العربية‬ ‫قطر – العربية‬ ‫مصر – العربية‬ 中国 – 中文（简体中文） 台灣 – 中文（繁體中文） 日本 – 日本語 香港 – 中文（繁體中文） 대한민국 – 한국어